docs: info on getting and running enterprise edge (#1303)
Unleash/unleash-edge: docs/enterprise-edge.md

# Enterprise Edge

Enterprise Edge is the commercial build of Unleash Edge. It extends the open-source runtime with additional functionality for licensed [Unleash Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) installations. It runs the same commands and configuration as the OSS binary, but requires a valid Enterprise license to start and access its extended capabilities.

## Enterprise-only features

Enterprise Edge enables the following features:

> - **Streaming:** Maintains a streaming connection to the upstream Unleash instance instead of polling. Enable with `--streaming` or `STREAMING=true`. When using a streaming-capable SDK, Edge can also stream updates to SDK clients. Streaming is in early access; consult your Unleash Enterprise contact for compatibility notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Streaming:** Maintains a streaming connection to the upstream Edge or Unleash instance instead of polling. Enable with `--streaming` or `STREAMING=true`. When using a streaming-capable SDK, Edge can also stream updates to SDK clients. Streaming is in early access; consult your Unleash Enterprise contact for compatibility notes.
```

> - **Edge observability:** Enterprise Edge reports heartbeat and instance state to Unleash Enterprise. This data is displayed in the Unleash Admin UI to assist with monitoring replica health, token usage, and deployment status.

Reviewer: I don't think it helps with token usage though. But it helps with other things, like resource usage, latency metrics, network graph visualization, versions, etc.

Enterprise Edge is also available as a managed service for Unleash Enterprise Cloud deployments.

## Getting Enterprise Edge

### License requirements

> Enterprise Edge requires an Enterprise plan license issued to your Unleash instance. Licenses are provided through the Unleash sales team or your customer success representative. Once the license is applied to your Unleash instance, Enterprise Edge will validate itself against that license during startup.

Reviewer: Not just any license, you need a new / special license that includes Enterprise Edge in it.

```suggestion
Enterprise Edge requires a new Enterprise plan license issued to your Unleash instance. Licenses are provided through the Unleash sales team or your customer success representative. Once the license is applied to your Unleash instance, Enterprise Edge will validate itself against that license during startup.
```

Enterprise Edge supports the following persistence options:

- **Redis** (`--redis-url`/`REDIS_URL`): Snapshots are persisted to a shared Redis cluster. Preferable when you already have Redis running as part of your infrastructure.
- **Amazon S3** (`--s3-bucket-name`/`S3_BUCKET_NAME`): Edge writes periodic snapshot files to S3 and restores them during startup. Suitable when an S3 bucket is already available or when simple durable storage is preferred over a running Redis service.

A local file-based store is also available, but it is intended for development and single-node setups. It is not recommended for production deployments or multi-replica environments.

If no persistence backend is configured, Enterprise Edge relies solely on in-memory state. In this configuration, any restart requires direct contact with the upstream Unleash instance to revalidate licenses and tokens before Edge can begin serving traffic.

If you need a persistence option not listed here, contact support.

## Quickstart

Enterprise Edge is deployed the same way as the standard Edge image. Provide the upstream URL and client tokens using the documented environment variables or CLI flags:

```shell

> docker run -it \

Reviewer 2: i don't think we need -it here. This would run an interactive shell in the docker container.

Author: Probably not, but it mimics the main documentation. It's not harmful, I think and this isn't "this is production config". I'll make a separate PR to remove them all across the docs when this is merged
